Thunder Cats Beat Diamond dogs 18u

By GameChanger Media

Thunder Cats were victorious against Diamond dogs 18u 12-9 on Wednesday at Centreville High School.

Thunder Cats opened the scoring in the top of the second thanks to three singles. Thunder Cats first got on the board when Caiden singled, scoring two runs.

A ground out by Caiden extended the Thunder Cats lead to 6-0 in the top of the third inning.

Diamond dogs 18u scored seven runs on zero hits in the bottom of the fourth inning. #8 was struck by a pitch, driving in a run, #3 was struck by a pitch, driving in a run, #7 drew a walk, scoring one run, #9 drew a walk, scoring one run, #2 drew a walk, scoring one run, #15 was struck by a pitch, driving in a run, and #6 drew a walk, scoring one run.

Henry started on the mound for Thunder Cats. The starting pitcher allowed two hits and zero runs over three innings, striking out five and walking one. #23 stepped on the mound first for Diamond dogs 18u. The starting pitcher surrendered five hits and five runs over two innings, striking out none and walking four. Caiden and Julian each appeared in relief for Thunder Cats.

Thunder Cats piled up 11 hits in the game. Caiden, the number nine hitter for Thunder Cats, led the way with three runs batted in. The outfielder went 1-for-3 on the day. Caleb and Thomas each collected two hits for Thunder Cats. Thunder Cats had a strong eye at the plate, amassing nine walks for the game. Graham, Mason, and Julian led the team with two bases on balls each. Julian stole two bases. Thunder Cats turned one double play in the game.

#3 drove the middle of the lineup, leading Diamond dogs 18u with two runs batted in.  #2 and #23 each collected one hit for Diamond dogs 18u. Diamond dogs 18u had a strong eye at the plate, amassing 10 walks for the game. #3 and #14 led the team with two walks each.

Next up for Thunder Cats is a game at Gatorball JV on Wednesday.

Copyright © 2024 GameChanger Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Any reuse or republication of this story must include the preceding attribution and is subject to the Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc. Terms of Use, License Agreement, and Privacy Policy.